rebirth to the pureland has two aspects number
one whether you have the blessings to go to
the to the pureland okay rebirth blessings
and number two whether you're able to resolve
the obstructions for rebirth so in general
if you request a rebirth [plaque] then there are very
strong chances then you will go to the pureland
okay very good chances however if you want
to make sure you can do the pre-49 day [plaque] as
well to make sure that you can resolve the
obstructions during your 49 day as per the
story I just told you it's fascinating to
me happened recently only that's why I found
out okay that nothing is guaranteed in life
and therefore you should do everything possible
to maximize your chances of rebirth don't
take chances so the general answer is yes
you should be able to but if you want to even
increase your uh improve your odds of making
it to the pureland that I would also do pre-49
day [plaque] as well if possible okay